Welcome back to Makeup Monday!
Today I'm going to show you my fave Japanese drug store brand concealer!
This one is really cheap and good for summer!
It's this!
Canmake Tokyo's Cover and Stretch UV Concealer 01
That's the lightest shade
I often pop this in my makeup bag during summer
and the main reason is because it has waterproof qualities
which means it sticks around quite nicely even
during Japan's hot and humid summers.
But I particularly recommend it for concealing spots
I personally don't use it under my eyes
But I have a lot of friends who love this product and DO
use it like that so it just depends on your skin type
Looks like this
As you can see I have redness and spots here and here
So let's see how it covers them
How about that!
Pretty good for a cheap concealer!!!
That was Canmake's Cover &amp; Stretch Concealer
If you liked the look of it, check it out!
Or let me know your experience with it in the comments
And as usual, if you have any requests, leave them down below!
See you tomorrow!